Error generating quiz: Could not find valid JSON in response
Quiz generation error: Quiz generation failed: Could not find valid JSON in response
[30/Nov/2024 09:19:30] "POST /personal_training/quizzes/generate/ HTTP/1.1" 200 3030
Quiz saving error: null value in column "lesson_id" of relation "personal_training_learningmaterial" violates not-null constraint
DETAIL:  Failing row contains (1, Quiz: aaaaaaaaaaaaa, quiz, aaaaaaaaaaaaa, null, 1, t, null).
[30/Nov/2024 09:19:52] "POST /personal_training/quizzes/generate/ HTTP/1.1" 200 3030



28/11, 07:41] mwesiga: *Course 1: Financial Literacy for Beginners* 

Lesson Title: Mastering Budgeting Basics

Opening Model:

Interactive Question with a Poll:
"Imagine you received $100 today. How would you spend it?

A) Save it all

B) Spend on essentials

C) Split between fun and savings

D) Don't know"

Poll Results in Real-Time with AI analysis of choices.

Lesson Content:

1. Summarized Content:

Explain the 50-30-20 rule using relatable examples like buying groceries, saving for a vacation, and paying bills.

Highlight potential mistakes like overspending on wants or neglecting savings.

2. Simulation:

Real-Life Scenario Exercise:
Students are given $500 in a virtual budget simulation. They need to allocate the amount across categories: rent, groceries, entertainment, savings, etc. AI reviews their budget and provides instant feedback on their choices.

“You allocated 60% to needs, great! Can you reduce wants from 40% to 30%?”

3. Embedded Video:

A 3-minute narrated video showing two characters: one overspending and one budgeting wisely using the 50-30-20 rule. The video ends with a side-by-side comparison of their financial outcomes.

4. Article:

A short article titled "Budget Like a Pro: Practical Tips for Everyday Life," summarizing key lessons with colorful infographics and links to budgeting apps.

5. AI Interaction:

AI answers students' questions dynamically:
"What’s a good percentage for savings if I earn less than $1,000?"
"Can I include debt repayment under 'needs'?"

AI also provides personalized suggestions:
"Based on your input, consider reducing dining-out expenses to boost your savings."

6. Question:

A short quiz:

What’s the 50-30-20 rule?

If you earn $700, how much should go to savings under this rule?

Why is tracking expenses important?


Closing Activity:

Reflection Task with AI Feedback:

Write one sentence describing your biggest takeaway from this lesson. AI provides encouraging feedback and offers tips for improvement.

Course 2: Communication Skills for Professionals

Lesson Title: Excelling in Active Listening

Opening Model:

Storytelling via Embedded Video:
A workplace scene where a manager misunderstands an employee's concern because they weren’t actively listening. The story pauses, asking:
"What could the manager have done better?"

Choices:

A) Ignore distractions

B) Repeat what they heard

C) Show empathy

Lesson Content:

1. Summarized Content:

Introduce the basics of active listening: focus, feedback, and empathy.

Provide examples of phrases to show understanding, like “So what you’re saying is…”


2. Simulation:

Interactive Role-Play:
A virtual team member describes a challenge. Students choose responses from a dropdown menu. The AI scores their choices:

Poor Listener: "That sounds tough, but I think you’re overreacting."

Good Listener: "So, you’re saying you feel overwhelmed by the new deadlines?"


3. Embedded Video:

A 4-minute explainer with professional speakers demonstrating active listening in various scenarios, like a job interview, a team meeting, and a casual chat.



4. Article:

A practical guide: “10 Do’s and Don’ts of Active Listening,” with examples, tips, and a summary of key points.



5. AI Interaction:

AI provides real-time analysis of student input during role-play, offering insights like:
"You showed empathy but missed the chance to summarize their point. Try saying, ‘If I understand correctly, you’re concerned about...’"

6. Question:

A short reflective quiz:

What’s the key difference between hearing and listening?

How can you show understanding in a conversation?

Name two ways to avoid distractions while listening.


Closing Activity:

Practice Task:

Record a simulated conversation where you practice active listening with AI. AI analyzes the recording and gives personalized feedback:

"You could add more paraphrasing here."

"Great job acknowledging the speaker’s feelings!"


Bonus Features in Both Courses:

Gamification:

Earn badges for completing simulations, acing quizzes, and engaging with AI.

Unlock a special badge after applying your learning in real life (e.g., creating a personal budget or practicing active listening).
[28/11, 12:35] mwesiga: Course 1: Financial Literacy for Beginners

Lesson Title: Mastering Budgeting Basics

Opening Model:

Storytelling with Visual Aid:
"Imagine Maria, a young professional earning $500 a month. By the third week, she’s out of money. Why? Maria didn’t have a plan for her spending. Let’s explore how budgeting could transform her life."

Includes an image of Maria’s chaotic monthly expenses compared to a structured budget.




---

Lesson Content:

1. Text-Based Content from a Book:

Excerpt from 'The Wealthy Barber':
“Budgeting is about creating a map for your money, ensuring it flows toward what truly matters. Think of it as steering a ship—you can’t reach your destination without a course.”



2. Infographic:

A colorful infographic illustrating the 50-30-20 rule with relatable examples:

50% Needs: Rent, food, utilities.

30% Wants: Dining out, hobbies.

20% Savings: Emergency fund, investments.




3. Simulation (AI Virtual Lab):

Interactive Lab:
Students input their income and expenses into a virtual budgeting tool. The AI:

Categorizes spending.

Flags areas for improvement.

Simulates financial outcomes for 1 year based on their budget choices (e.g., saving for a trip, paying off debt).




4. Embedded Video:

A 3-minute animation: “How Budgeting Changes Lives.” It follows Maria as she learns to budget, highlighting challenges and successes.



5. Gamification (Optional Pop-Up):

Earn a badge for creating a balanced budget in the simulation.

Pop-Up Quiz Challenge:

What is the ideal savings percentage under the 50-30-20 rule?

Name one benefit of tracking expenses.




6. AI Interaction:

Ask AI personalized questions:

“How can I budget if I have irregular income?”

“What are the best tools to track spending?”


AI provides tips and links to further resources.



7. Images and Infographics:

Before-and-after images of Maria’s financial health:

Chaotic Spending vs. Structured Budget.





Closing Model:

Key Learning Points:

Budgeting helps prioritize needs, manage wants, and grow savings.

Tracking expenses reveals spending patterns and areas for improvement.


Activity:

Create your budget using the provided template and input it into the AI tool for feedback.


References:

Book: The Wealthy Barber by David Chilton.

Video: “Budgeting Basics for Beginners” by a financial expert.




---

Course 2: Communication Skills for Professionals

Lesson Title: Mastering Active Listening

Opening Model:

Question with Visual Stimulus:
"Have you ever felt unheard during a meeting? Look at this image of a distracted person and think: What impact does this behavior have on communication?"



Lesson Content:

1. Text-Based Content from a Book:

Excerpt from 'Crucial Conversations':
“Active listening is not just hearing words—it’s about understanding intent, emotion, and meaning. It's the key to resolving conflicts and building trust.”



2. Infographic:

A flowchart of the Active Listening Process:

Focus -> Paraphrase -> Empathize -> Clarify -> Respond Thoughtfully.




3. Simulation (AI Virtual Lab):

Virtual Role-Play:
Students interact with a simulated colleague who shares a concern.

AI analyzes responses, scoring on empathy, clarity, and understanding.

Feedback: "You missed an opportunity to paraphrase. Try saying, 'So, you're feeling stressed about deadlines?'"




4. Embedded Video:

A 4-minute dramatized scenario showing poor listening and effective listening in action, highlighting the benefits of the latter.



5. Gamification (Optional Pop-Up):

Badge for correctly applying paraphrasing in the virtual lab.

Pop-Up Question:

How can paraphrasing improve communication?




6. AI Interaction:

AI answers specific questions like:

“What’s the best way to deal with a distracted speaker?”

“How can I show empathy without agreeing?”


AI also provides personalized suggestions for real-life conversations.



7. Images and Infographics:

Visual representation of "Do's and Don'ts of Active Listening."




Closing Model:

Key Learning Points:

Active listening fosters trust and clarity in communication.

Key techniques include paraphrasing, maintaining focus, and showing empathy.


Activity/Project:

Record yourself practicing active listening with a friend or colleague.

Analyze your recording using the AI tool for feedback.


References:

Book: Crucial Conversations by Patterson, Grenny, McMillan, and Switzler.

Video: “The Power of Listening” by a communication coach.


please based on the expalantion i gave you i want the quiz generation part to be like automated like i willl be able to generate the quizess  based on the topic plus using the learning material do based on the explanation crete a welll balanced dummy data to be enteredon the database  so adn also change teh form to have the leaarning materials and in th saving  must be done and also i want the quiz generator to  generate quizs adn their answers  plus right and wrong  choices  so please do it  as my request 